Now, we're going to create the targets,
also called the labels.
So we want the model to try to predict the go forward one week return.
But instead of using the returns directly,
we want to convert them into quantiles.
The reason we want to do this is to make the target market neutral
and also to normalize it to changing volatility and dispersion over time.
So in other words, we're trying to make the target robust to changes in market regimes.
First, we're going to create a pipeline,
a new pipeline object for the target because we had another pipeline for the features.
Here's an example of what we want to do.
We create a returns object.
Because it's weekly returns,
we set a window length of five trading days and
also remember to set the mask to our defined universe.
We use this quantiles function to convert
that into quantiles and we want to choose two quantiles.
Then, we can add it to the target.
So the quiz is asking you to do something quite similar,
but convert the weekly returns into five quantiles which are also called quintiles.
So go ahead and try this out,
create it, add it to the pipeline,
and then this code is already set to have
you run the pipeline and you'll get the data from that.
Once you're done trying it out,
please check out the solution video. Thanks.